and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business growth show i'm your host
sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and if you haven't yet
check out my weekly email where i'm
sharing actual website marketing tips
useful podcasts free goodies and much
much more each and every monday to kick
off your week with a bang why not give
it a try over at businessgrowth.email
joining me today i've got linda malone
linda's the founder over at the coffee
works linda welcome to the show how are
you doing thank you so much for having
me
no worries at all linda so we'll be
chatting today
some simple ways on how everyone tuning
in can write high converting copy
content that's going to drive some leads
drive some revenues try some new
customers
for their business
so first and foremost
what actually is conversion copywriting
i see this term thrown around all over
social all over different platforms what
does it really mean linda
well the thing is and people some people
have argued with me and said oh it's the
same you know copywriting is copywriting
it's not true because you can get down
to different types of copywriting so
conversion copywriting is copywriting is
geared specifically to help businesses
create or generate more revenue
so you can have as opposed to it's often
compared to direct response copywriting
direct response just to kind of
differentiate those are the ads you see
all over the place it's like they don't
take into account really audiences like
think of a fast food ad for example you
know it's
it's not geared to a specific audience
it's very general where what i do is
very specific to
to creating revenue everything i do is
based on decision making psychology and
that sort of thing
got it so does that mean this type of
content as opposed to like you say being
quite generic like some adverts that you
might see for broader companies like
mcdonald's baking etc whereas this is
different in the fact that it's geared
towards a certain audi a certain
audience that we want to take a
particular action
is that the kind of the kind of um
premise or the goal of it
yeah there's i mean there's a lot to it
but it's geared
there's there's premises like um for
example the stages of awareness i take
into account which is
where is that person in their
decision-making journey so
you've probably heard this like unaware
somebody who doesn't know they have a
problem pain aware is typically when
people start thinking okay i need i have
an issue i have a challenge i need to
resolve it and then you have like
solution aware most aware and so the the
copy that i write is geared to
to that
particular stage of that person's
decision making and the way i would know
it is somebody says listen people are
coming from a facebook ad okay so
they're product aware they know what you
offer so you don't have to write as much
so that page would be written
differently than the home page for
example which captures everyone
got it okay yeah that would be
interesting actually to chat about
perhaps how you deal with copy
from different audiences like whether
that audience is cold
i.e they're coming from an ad they never
heard of your brand whether they're warm
and they've perhaps been following your
brand somewhere or that social linkedin
another platform for a while and then
they're coming to your site or your
landing page and yeah that would
certainly be interesting to chat about
that type of traffic and how you deal
with that in terms of your copy shortly
but
is copy really that important when it
comes to getting people to convert i
thought you had to just have a really
nice design and you could sling a few
words sling a call to action there maybe
chuck a form and then people will
probably inquire with you right
wrong but but a lot of people think that
so copy is is often called like your 24
7 online sales person so your copy is on
your website if you know we're talking
about websites because copy could be
email could be ads could be anything but
on your website it would be it's there
when you're sleeping it's there all the
time so that when someone lands on your
site you don't
they you know the person who lands there
doesn't have the opportunity to speak to
you so that copy has to say whatever it
is that you wanted to say to capture
their attention and hopefully take
action so that's very important and it
works
along with the design like the two
things go together
yeah yeah yeah i know we spoke about
this a little bit when i came on your
show quite recently
but are you what's what's your thoughts
so if people are putting together
landing pages where are putting together
websites do you think the content always
needs to come first is there ever a
situation where the design can be
crafted and then content can be added
later or they can be done simultaneously
you know it's supposed to be the the
copy is supposed to determine the design
personally i like to have
kind of an idea of what the the design
is or what the previous design was if
it's like for a new website
but i will
usually take off on different directions
for example a lot of what i do is kind
of walking people through
the pain that they're currently in
before i offer the solution
and if the page is very short
um
and that's the way the design is
it can be hard for me to work around
this so yeah the the copy really should
determine the design but i like to work
hand in hand with the designer too to
kind of come up with a solution that
works for both of us
yeah yeah yeah and that makes sense i
mean i guess if you can get a rough idea
of what the visuals are going to look
like so you know what's going to go
where and then if you can like you say
start crafting the copy out because if
you don't know how big the design is
going to be maybe there's too much text
too little text and the website just
looks off or gets thrown out and all
this annoying things that i experience
when i'm working on web projects so i
completely get that now
jumping back to what we're talking about
now um a little bit earlier in terms of
because like you say with um
visitors doesn't matter if they're going
to a website to a landing page or
seeing your content in the linkedin feed
how can content affect how can copy
effect from a conversion stand point of
view or how can it be put to best use
when it comes to dealing with a cold
audience
and feel free to perhaps use maybe
someone that's just seeing your company
for the first time maybe clicking a
google ad or maybe clicking a social ad
or something like that or maybe seeing
you in the linkedin feed through to
someone that's perhaps more warm where
they've perhaps been following your
brand for a long time whether that is on
social media maybe they've been reading
your emails your weekly emails or
listening to a podcast and then they're
going to page how do the how do cold
audiences compare to warm i guess is the
first point and then how should your
copy your content be created to cater to
almost both
well if someone is unaware of your
solution or service
that you need to provide them with more
information than someone who is already
aware of what you do so this is why you
see and there's a lot of talk a lot
about these really long form sales pages
and people are you know these pages are
so long that's because
a long form sales page is taking someone
from
one stage of awareness which is
sometimes unaware they don't know what
your product or service does and takes
them through all the stages of awareness
so by the time they get to the bottom
they know that your product is the one
for them so if you have someone who's
coming from
an ad for example you want them to go to
a page that doesn't have all that
preemptive you know information because
they're like all right just tell me
where the buy button is i'm ready i want
to go so you have to know where they're
coming from and the hardest page for
this reason the hardest page to write is
the home page because your home page
is like i always refer to it as like if
you walk into a big business center
there's the information desk and that
home page is going to tell you where
you're going to go it doesn't yeah
doesn't you know focus on one particular
thing
um but so you need to to kind of capture
you have to know what it is you know
where they're coming from and then
determines how much information that
they need
okay okay um yeah we can we can break
down best practices so are you saying if
if someone's warm the impression i got
there if they've perhaps familiar with
your brand or perhaps ready to they know
that they've got this particular issue
so maybe they've searched on google ie i
need x provider i need help with this
they come to your page you want to make
it as quick as possible for them to
actually take the desired action
whereas if you're dealing with someone
that's
perhaps earlier in the sales process
perhaps they don't know your brand
perhaps they're doing more research or
perhaps they're comparing options then
the the copy of the page need to work
needs to work harder to kind of leverage
the problem leverage the issue and then
show how you're best fitted to to
actually tackle it is that right
exactly yeah and so it's it's and the
thing is i think um we've talked about
this in the past is how people can go
from an unaware stage to a most aware
which is the other end of the spectrum
if it's something that i think i use the
example a lot of a plumber you know you
you know don't think about your plumbing
until i decided in your pipes burst and
now it's like okay i did not even know i
had a problem and now it's like i i need
somebody now
so then you want to have that page it
just says what they need yeah you don't
want to take them through oh you know
the the pain of what they just are going
through and they don't want to hear
about that it's like i know where i am
yeah yeah yeah yeah you just want to
make it as easy as possible from the to
get the job done get it fixed makes
sense how do you think copy content
stacks up against things like social
proof because i know when we're building
out web pages we're building out landing
pages
social proof like testimonials
examples reviews accreditations
companies worked with logos and those
kind of things
what do you think is like the weight
between the actual words you write and
then using examples of people that
you've helped to kind of build trust and
how do you think is is that like a
weighting of what's more important or
what works harder
they they need to go together and by
that i mean and this is one of the
mistakes i see often is the testimonies
are a lot of times just sprinkled on a
page just randomly
but you want to use them strategically
so in other words if you're talking
about
something that your product does
that
is proven it can be backed up by
testimonial you want to have the the
social proof or testimonial right below
that copy
so that it backs up what you just said
so
you know if somebody's talking about
your
um you know your website development
service and then you maybe you hit a
specific point about why you're
different and then the testimonial below
that
would ideally be someone who can back
that up and says yeah i you know this is
what happened and it it just sort of
solidifies the point before it
um we don't always have those ideal
testimonials as the problem you know so
it's hard but you want to try to weave
them together that way
yeah yeah yeah so try and make it
relevant for the piece of information
that was just before it
got it yeah got it okay yeah it makes
sense so
move forward what are some of the
biggest mistakes what are some of the
biggest issues when it comes to let's
say on a b to b
maybe a software or a service provider
environment what are some of the main
red flags or issues that people should
avoid when it comes to their content or
that copy
the biggest issue that i find and the
one that i am hired for the most is to
get the messaging down because and so
value proposition what is it that makes
your product or service different than
everyone else and a lot of times if it's
something like a web development company
where there's so many competitors
it can take a lot of time
to dig into
you know what are other people saying
about your competitors and it's the
research that will pull that out so
that's number one is that i find the the
value proposition it either isn't up
front
in in center on the
on the page like the home page or it's
not clear you know a lot of times we
want to have like an overarching
statement to get more people but it
actually works against you you want to
really niche down yeah yeah
okay yeah what do you think makes a good
value prop for example let's say a
website home page headline
what what makes what's the difference
between a good and bad one
one
there's actually
five criteria for a value prop
and this is like the score card that i
use when i create them for my own
clients it needs to be unique
it needs to be
desirable something that people want
um it should be very specific which is
where a lot of people drop the ball um
succinct you know to the point
and then memorable you know like the
most famous one is the m you know melts
in your mouth not in your hands kind of
thing that was supposed to be like i
heard that's the original value prop it
says everything in that one sentence
so
that's like i literally use a scorecard
when i'm creating a value prop isn't
memorable is it you know desirable
and and so on
so those are the
the ways to really measure your value
prop yeah and to dive into that a bit
deeper are there any tips for a business
that perhaps
wants to
find these things out to actually make
something that's going to be memorable
desirable i mean the specific i suppose
they can work out for themselves by
being clear on what it is they do and
who they help
are there any ideas around how they can
gather that information
or source that data to then put into a
juicy value proposition that's actually
going to make them stand out from the
hundreds of thousands of competitors
that they might have that are perhaps
trying to do similar i mean it's the
research but i added all the research i
always talk about i have a 50-point
uh checklist that i use for my research
which is okay that's my value prop is it
that's you know how deep i go into it
but part of that and the most important
part my opinion is the conversations you
have with your customers
and so
so many times i'll be interviewing
someone
and they'll say something about
the
you know my client
that immediately i know this is this is
going to be part of the value
proposition because it's exactly what
i'm looking for and so you want to be
able to back up everything you say and
this goes for all your copy by the way
it's not just the value prop but
everything should be backed up by either
analytics um
all the research your customers have you
know ask yourself would your customer
say this
because a lot of times i see a headline
and say no one's ever using those words
you know like do you do they wake up and
say i want you know whatever it is that
you have there and if not then you need
to find out what they're saying and what
your competitors are saying
or what your competitors are doing
and what people are not getting from
your competition so you got to fill that
gap in
yeah cool um linda i want to do
something a bit different and hopefully
you're up for it because we're halfway
through recording now i want to do
a live
actionable takeaway so i want to let's
pretend
we are let's keep it b2b let's say we're
a service based business i always say
crm so let's say we're a niche crm
service but maybe the crm we're
providing
is for what industries shall we pick i
quite often say financial companies so
maybe we'll say yeah crm for
financial organizations let's say nice
boring topic um
so let's say we do that but let's say
we're approaching we've our website is
like six seven years old so we've
realized that we need to kind of
completely redesign all the main pages
we need something fresh we need
something that provides leads for our
sales team so we definitely need
converting copy
what are the first steps that we need to
take before we start putting words to
pay pen to paper or employ someone to do
what other kind of initial steps right
through to actually creating the copy
that we need to follow
the first thing i do well the very first
thing is a discovery call with a client
and this is like an hour-long process of
digging into questions about their
customer that they probably haven't even
thought about
and then the second thing um i i get the
analytics
where you know see it's kind of the the
left brain and the right brain
research that i do so the left brain is
all the analytics what is actually
happening
where are people dropping off what is
that page
or page is or even you know what's the
call to action that's not working and
then you know as i just mentioned i i
ask for
customer
um you know references like who who can
i talk to
okay and and that's that's the first
thing and then i just start i go through
social media um like 80 of what i do is
the research and once i get that done
the copy almost writes itself you know
but those are the things so i ask for a
lot from the client and a lot of times
that's the hardest part because it takes
time to really nail all that down yeah
yeah does that answer your question like
that that's certainly helpful i'm going
to dig into that some more if i may so
that research so 80 is research which
i'm sure
a lot of people that's that's going to
be quite quite a shocking stack so i
know when i first thought of content i
thought
hey don't do that much research you can
just start writing about how great your
company is
oh it should be so easy it turns out
that's not necessarily the best way is
typically people are going to want to
know what's what's in it for them and
how you're going to help them so
yeah you mentioned talking to the client
directly and then doing customer
interviews and things like that so if
you could perhaps if we could kind of
delve into that in a bit more depth as
in what we're trying to look for and why
we're interviewing them and what the
kind of things we should be asking so
we're going to help help our audience
understand kind of what what should
these interviews be like what do we want
to learn what's the point of it and what
are the takeaways i know that's a
long-winded question
for the discovery call with the client
or or the customers or both
i guess both
well the what i'll do is i'll hit on the
ones on the the on the client side the
questions that i find are hardest to
answer because i usually i do this on
zoom and so i can always tell when
someone just has no idea um
what is
the voice what's your brand voice or
your
ideal customer's voice and what you know
how like how do they perceive you and
how do you want to be perceived those
are i mean i ask like 50 questions so
those are the ones that pop up otherwise
it's you know i do talk about
demographics and all the things that you
would expect but i really dive into what
is the mindset of the person who you're
trying to attract and so
with the customers um
i try to keep these calls to 15 minutes
because people really usually their
executive level and they
really don't want to waste a lot of time
so i get right into
what made you
what made you make the decision to go
with this company
what who else and what else did you try
before this what you know who are their
competitors and why you know what was
that tipping point
that made you go in this direction um
and then what's the before and after
picture of what was
what was the challenge and how
how were things now
and those are probably the most
important ones okay so talking about
different points along these customers
experience with the brand with the
client and why they pick with them how
they helped results
um is there like a typical amount of
clients that you tend to recommend
people interview
like a number of clients
i usually talk to seven to ten people
um and i'll know if it's
enough when everyone starts saying the
same thing
and so i will try changing the questions
around but a lot of times i'm
working with a client right now where
i've interviewed seven people
and
there's very similar things that they're
saying and i know that that's going to
be
in their copy um but sometimes it's a
little bit more than that but i'll i'll
start with like 20 people because most
people will bail or they'll say i'll
talk to you and then they don't you know
because it's yeah we're all busy you
know and then it's like what what's in
it for them it's like well
if they really love the solution which
in this case they they did it they
really love you know the results they
got they'll they'll be happy to talk but
yeah not always
yeah yeah it's not always to not always
easy to get people for interviews for
sure i i understand that so are there
certain things we should be looking out
for as well when we're asking these
questions are we looking for like you
mentioned their patterns and what people
are saying do we need to record the
sessions or make vigorous notes with our
pen and paper or what's what's a kind of
recommended process there
i record them and then go back um i use
otter.ai
yeah and so it transcribes as they're
talking um the things i i like to really
look for is the emotion because that's
how people make decisions that i'm sure
you've heard it's like we decide make
decisions based on emotions justify with
logic so
i try to get into that and that can be a
little hard you know especially if it's
someone who's very kind of guarded and
i've had people get on the phone with me
who
are suspicious of why i'm even talking
to them so i have to say listen i'm not
going to quote you i'm just getting i'm
just gathering information uh but how do
you know how did you feel about that
what did
um
how did it kind of change your life
because everyone gives a surface
answer like oh well this you know i
improved
x you know
tremendously and and what was that like
you know and that's when you get the
the really good the good stuff and the
good copy
yeah yeah so diving deeper to kind of
surface level answers yeah to get to the
root of it gotcha okay so we do these
calls we record them
what happens next um in terms of kind of
using that information using what we've
learned what we've gathered putting that
together do we then
chuck some of it on a page or what
what's kind of the process
i um
i have a system that i use where i just
start categorizing i tag i have a um i
use a platform called
airstory.co and it's made for writers
and copywriters so
i will tag every quote like this is i'm
in the process doing this right now with
a couple people and just like say for
example somebody says um you know talks
about a pain point that really made them
you know make this decision i'll hashtag
that pane put it in a column and then i
just start assembling the whole thing
because copywriting is really more about
assembly than it is about writing it's
assembling
all those pieces i will choose what i
think would be a good formula which
copywriting formula is the most popular
one is pas problem agitation solution if
that's appropriate so we start with the
pain you know what is the problem or the
pain point um i'll put all those
together
how can we agitate it what is the actual
scenario behind that and then the
solution and that's usually the sequence
i mean there's like 25 different
formulas you can use but i usually start
with that one because it's easiest and
it's also usually relevant
when it comes to sas though sometimes
you know you can start with a solution
again it depends on where they're coming
from what page is for or um but usually
you do the value prop at the top of the
page
so immediately grab their attention but
those formulas so then i just start
arranging and assembling all of those
pieces into that formula and start
editing from there pulling out what i
think you know i need and deleting what
doesn't work
it's a process and it's a lot it's yes
it sounds quite detailed from what
you're showing me now um
like basically going through the
recordings of the calls tagging them up
what's relevant to each section like
what's relevant i know you just laid out
a framework there problem agitation
solution what's perhaps relevant to the
problem or the issue they faced exactly
what what then
provokes that problem and then what what
what talks about the solution how you
help them um so it sounds like kind of
gathering all these words that they're
using putting them together in relevant
categories and subcategories so they're
all nicely organized and together
and which sounds like something i'd be
terrible at when it comes to
organizations so probably not one for me
and then
okay so we organized them all and then
did you say just start kind of laying
them out on the page starting with the
value proposition is that is that the
way to go or
i usually come up with a few like
there's usually because people want
choices you know so i'll come up with
usually three value props i think would
work um because all of this is presented
of course you know to the client and
then i get their feedback and if they
say something's really off base which is
rare i mean it's because it's all based
on research it's not like it's my
opinion you know but yeah um and then
they
we just talk about
what you know what works and what
doesn't and one of the things i've
posted about this on linkedin is that
saying i don't like it isn't a legit
critique if if the copy is based on
you know because ego comes into
into play and a lot of times it's maybe
the
the words are not something you would
use but your customers have used it
you know so you have to be able to back
it up so i actually have a clause in my
contract that says please limit feedback
to legal if somebody says this isn't
going to fly with the legal department
or um
if it's not um
if it's not clear or there's something
that's just obviously wrong with the
statement yeah then we can talk about
but if it's just you know i don't like
this because people especially if
there's
all gathered around and i had this is
something i heard in a book about
marketing that said you know people sit
around in in board rooms and inhale
their own fumes it's like you know they
love oh we're all bouncing things off
and this sounds great and it doesn't
matter how it sounds if your customers
have said it and it's backed by research
yeah i suppose what you could say in
that case is that's fine but we
interviewed like 10 customers and they
all said this was their problem so why
don't we just use the words at the
customer's mouths because they're the
people buying yeah i said just test
it you know and if if you're right i
mean it'll prove i mean it's not i don't
have an ego attached to this is what
your customer said
and if you put it out there and and
sometimes
it doesn't
you know if the value prop has already
strong and some people do come to me and
they they don't have a lot
you know that i think i can really fix
you may not see a big jump in
conversions but if someone's very vague
and then i come up with something that
you know is is much more specific it can
make a huge difference
it depends on what they already have and
that kind of thing too
yeah
and
how much of this is
using the actual phrases or words that
our customers that we've interviewed our
clients prospects that we've interviewed
and then positioning them on a page so
let's say for example we're working on a
home page we've just done the value prop
that we talked about then and then maybe
as we go down the page perhaps we've got
to talk about the services perhaps
you've got to
talk about how it's going to fix a
problem or how it's going to improve
their life
and that kind of stuff
how much of that is just literally using
what the customer says how much of it do
we need to
craft ourselves if we're putting
together the content what's the kind of
flow for
the rest of the page in that situation
well usually i have an idea of what i
want to say for that particular
paragraph or sentence
and so
it it depends on you know because i
don't put direct quotes but i will use
the words
and kind of weave it into
the messaging
so
it's kind of hard to describe but
yeah it's it really depends
but i always have it in mind because
when i do all that research it's not
just that i'm writing all the stuff down
but i'm absorbing
everything like i'm good at remembering
stuff so it's kind of the voice is this
the voice of the customer
would they say this and then i double
check myself i'll go back and forth
it's it's really a back and forth
process and and
and if i do some if sometimes i write
things and i think this sounds really
good and then i think okay
i like it but it's just now my egos get
in the way no this isn't what they would
say and i have to take it out and that's
probably the hardest thing about writing
it's not always what you want to say
what's what
what they want to hear so yeah i like
that take and from your experience
appreciate every situation every company
is going to be a bit different but how
much of an impact does this tend to have
when you do the process that you've just
laid out for us there as opposed to just
letting a company go with whatever the
heck they think is going to be great and
just writing their own copy at free will
what's what's the kind of difference in
impact from your
from some of the clients that you've
worked with and results that you've seen
well it's harder to measure on something
like a landing page or a website page
because it's not as quickly converting
versus an email or an ad
so emails you know they go out you
immediately can get you know how what's
the open rate what's the click rate
i've had um
as much as a third like 30
on a lot of
the work that i've done some of it like
the website copy that i've done like the
recent ones i'm actually waiting to hear
back from some people but it can take
like months like six months to really
see
you know a difference in the analytics
so um it depends i've had like
registrations for there was someone i
was working with and they had a webinar
they wanted registrants to sign up for
and they had a 50 increase um but you
know it depends on
there's so much that goes into it
beforehand you know that that's why i
can't offer guarantees because people oh
what can you do for me i don't know how
engaged your audience is i don't know
what you've done before so
yeah it depends on on the audience
especially with emails
because some people are like well i
haven't emailed my list in you know a
year and this literally has happened and
now i want you to do
an email sequence and let's see how it
goes like well there's no there's no
baseline you know in that situation
yeah and i guess this is my
interpretation of it linda and feel free
to tell me that i'm completely wrong
because i don't mind um is like let's
say in a website example because that's
my
space is
that copy is certainly a huge um a huge
element there's no no doubt in my mind
on that but then there's also a lot of
outside factors i.e
is the website getting a decent amount
of traffic
visitors in the first place are they the
right type of audience are they people
that are actually interested in your
stuff are they searching on google for
what you do are they quite targeted or
are they just coming from all kinds of
channels with no clue about what you do
thus meaning they're not even in your
idle client profile and therefore no
matter how good your content is they're
never going to convert because they
don't want to see what you do they've
just flicked onto your site and bounced
straight off so things like that and
then as we go on your website needs to
kind of load fast have a engaging design
build some trust make it easy for people
to get in touch so there's a few other
outside factors i suppose
that um the content can always be blamed
for
there's a lot and actually as you were
talking i was thinking you should tell
people 10 is a good amount of of a
conversion increase yeah it depends on
again you know what it is what i mean it
could be zero to fifty percent i mean it
and it's also like when it comes to
email how many people are on the list
that makes a difference you know i mean
if you have a hundred or if you have a
thousand
and you know again how engaged are they
you know so
yeah it's hard on on landing pages i
wish it were easier because i'd like to
have more stats on that and i i don't
yet accept you know
people like what i'm doing and they're
saying they're seeing more traffic and
they're seeing people staying on it long
that's the other thing you look at
bounce rate
you know and where are they bouncing
where are they going landing on and not
getting the information that they want
yeah i suppose the the good thing about
this though is because you're going to
you're you're going to your target
customers you're understanding
what the reason why they chose the
product the service you're understanding
what they actually care about you're
understanding how they describe the
offering what they're getting out of it
so you're doing the best possible first
standpoint for what we've been talking
about landing pages and websites and
then it's basically saying that we're in
a great position because we're basically
gearing it up for the target clients who
want to interact and then over time we
can
measure things like website analytics
how well things convert and if we wanted
to make tweaks we can but it means that
we're putting us in the best kind of
solid position from day one really
yeah and even like the value prop people
get nervous and they say oh value prop
means i can't change and you can change
it i mean it you have to you know it's
always about testing with marketing i
mean you know it's it and that's what i
tell people if they're start pushing
back on the copies like we'll just let's
test this against this and see how they
perform that's always the answer it's
like i'm not gonna argue with you i mean
i don't know
yeah no that's it definitely test that's
one of the biggest things that's that's
great linda i think we've gone through
quite a nice little little framework
there that people can take away and put
into play when it comes to writing their
own site copy any final points for for
anyone that's still not quite convinced
that they should go under this process
so that they think they're very very
capable of writing all their content
internally
uh you know it's for one it's like i
said you should try it but if your
messaging is off
everything's off
i've had i have had people tell me you
know i've been
working at this business for three years
and i still can't get my messaging right
and nothing's gonna work until you get
the copy the messaging and your value
prop super clear
yeah nicely put well that that's that's
it from us linda thanks very much for
coming on the show really appreciate you
sharing your your knowledge and your
insights and uh thoughts around content
and copywriting to convert with us today
with that said please do tell us more
about how everyone tuning in can connect
with you more about your business and
the best way to get in touch
my website is thecopyworks.com worx.com
or you can email me at
i have my own podcast which sam is going
to be on soon um and that is the b2b uh
marketing and copywriting podcast and of
course i'm on linkedin and i'm very
active on there
awesome and we'll put all of those links
over in the show notes at
businessgrowth.marketing and with that
thanks once again for coming on linda
enjoy the chat
no worries and as always if you enjoyed
today's episode why not leave us a quick
rating on your audio podcast channel or
if you're tuning in on youtube a
subscribe goes a long way and with that
we should catch you on the next one for
more actionable no bs marketing tips to
grow your business and grow your revenue
cheers for tuning in